fix_dataimporter_usecase (#277)
percona/everest-doc: docs/backups_and_restore/dataimporters/pg_dataimporter.md

# DataImporter: Percona Operator for PostgreSQL

> The `everest-percona-pg-operator` data importer enables you to import PostgreSQL backups stored in external S3-compatible storage into clusters managed by Percona Everest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `everest-percona-pg-operator` data importer allows you to import backups taken using the Percona PostgreSQL Operator.
```

{.power-number}

##  Prerequisites

> These are the prerequisites to import external database backups using Percona Everest UI:

Reviewer: line seems redundant 

```suggestion
```

> - PostgreSQL backups stored in an accessible S3-compatible storage bucket
> 
> - AWS credentials (Access Key and Secret Key)
> 
> - Kubernetes secrets containing MongoDB user credentials.

Reviewer: MongoDB credentials not needed for PG data import

```suggestion
- Backup taken using the Percona PostgreSQL operator stored in an S3-compatible storage bucket

- Credentials to access the S3 bucket (AccessKeyID and SecretAccessKey)
```
